feat(integration-tests): Add infrastructure for running integration tests; Add basic integration tests for `clp` & `clp-s` compression. (#1100)
y-scope/clp: integration-tests/README.md

Reviewer: This file will probably need some more edits once we make the bigger changes we talked about. Potentially we could add a proper docs page for it. I can help with that once we get to that stage.

> # CLP Integration Tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# CLP integration tests
```

We use sentence case for titles (mainly because it's easier to type).

> This Python module provides end-to-end tests for the CLP package using the `pytest` framework.
> It covers package lifecycle scripts and validates compression and search functionality for
> performance and correctness on large [datasets].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Python project provides end-to-end tests for CLP using the `pytest` framework.
```

## Running tests

> To build the package and run all integration tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To run all integration tests:

```

```

> task package-test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
task tests:integration
```

Reviewer: We could have a more specific task to test just core (`tests:integration:core`).

# CLP integration tests

This Python project provides end-to-end tests for CLP using the `pytest` framework.

# Contributing

> Follow the steps below to develop and contribute to the project.

Author: Contribution is also a top level title.
